hey MTV I'm Jerry stole Center the Los
Angeles Kings walk to my crib
so I showed my front yard got the pool
in here in the hot tub angels sitting
area day beds for the nice Sun the
summer day like today it's beautiful day
today this little thing here me make me
my roommate Matt Richardson play golf
too so not bad a batter the fish
now we'll go in and see the house this
is my down room hang out with fire on
little bar here this is just an
important picture when you go out to me
score on the overtime winner in bow six
down Cup playoffs again short so it's
kind of like a goofy celebration graphic
down here example pass but John was
still back home in Saskatchewan and went
over 28 because my grandpa kicked it
pretty much a week before he died so
virtue of my number and I'll stick with
it favorite spot of mine and the family
room here and just like the middle couch
and sit down and chill and watch TV
watch on TV curbs pop the family room
we'll head over to the kitchen
just the dining room doesn't really get
much years so that poker games but like
to eat on the island so
these life I found him actually in a
teak store I went in there and they were
laying on the floor yeah so they could
wire him up with a work and he thought
so so no unique piece for the house and
being from Canada you got to have your
potatoes every time I come down not to
watch game yeah they bring me some ten
marks another very important thing old
Dutch coach chips don't have them you
ask together one take advantage of it
when you go to Canada I'll family come
visit and the fridge I'm pretty basic
pretty simple I love light and water
I love Arnold Palmer when I'm on the
golf course oh yeah always have an auto
cover lovely yogurts lovely backpacks
it's great too
probably one of the most to use rooms at
the house actually in the house it's
outside here this patio got the TV and
heaters up top sometimes teammates come
over bring our kids over hop in the pool
and we have barbecues and it's just
great to have the kitchen right there
this kind of living room before I go to
well there's the kitchen in the end the
patio I'll head to the the guest room
this room here teammate of mine Brad
Richardson he lives with me so he kept
this room has a great little patio here
off the pool pretty nice to sit out here
with this cup of teen Rita bunker relax
that's Ritchie's room from the guest
room here we'll head up and go upstairs
soon thereupon the mold panel board just
a little different piece of art for a
beach house
up here is the patio it's great view up
here I like to come up here and just
chill relax reflect set the goal should
make their towns birdies the the
mountain over there from now
the master bedroom is very close to be
completed but I can't show you as my
master closet so let's go check it out
here we have my closet this is my web
junior Jersey from my 2002 we won the
silver medal the Czech Republic and
there's the metal there that's the
Jersey it's good times I'm kind of a
watch guy got a car team on a couple
Breitling's and buy my favorite one is
the Rolex I got off guard flip-flops
here but obviously for golf or
projectile golf course
not only seeing the last two father went
on stairs and that show you guys
you
here's a little piece of art that's
pretty special to me my own work couple
years ago not even close actually I my
designers who helped me out with the
house they they found me and I'm good
perfect spot for to put up right outside
the man caves here we are in the guys
room this is kind of our movie set up
here come down here and close the
curtains and black the room out and
watch watch our favorite movies
Caddyshack major-league Shawshank
Redemption one of my favorites a couple
Kofi's that meant a lot to me this is
the no 6 when we went to Santa Cup
Finals with the other two daughters
this is the conference final show T we
all got individual ones I always have
that so we got the Golden Tee arcade
game here I actually have a charity golf
tournament back home in Saskatoon 2:6
here that we're going to have it this
year at the end of June I looking to get
to Elaine dollars for pretty fun not two
days it's good to get all the guys
together from from around various teams
and celebrities and have some fun
recently and in the bathroom down here
the Ruby November pretty weeks - autumn
and triumph over to you the tough time
with the old bus - but he's not a bad
ping-pong player or something getting
far enough through a little ping-pong
table on the patio
I will see that we'll see my truck here
my truck
I got the Porsche Cayenne GTS it goes in
a car so it's really the drive and it's
possible for me I can put my golf clubs
in the back and I'll keep going off your
sticks the fun truck well in TV I just
showed you my beach house a pool the
kitchen the guys room if he had the
golden teeth it's time to go I'm late
for practice
Vasudha thanks for coming cam